README.md, before:

# Jekyll Boilerplate
My Jekyll boilerplate for a simple blog site which I will use to document my personal learning journey, utilizing the minimal-mistakes-jekyll theme.

<br/>

**NOTE BEFORE PROCEEDING:**
> *I am still navigating **Jekyll**, the **Liquid** templating language and the **minimal-mistakes-jekyll** theme. It is highly likely that this boilerplate will be updated many times before I make a release.*

---
## Contents
1. [Install Ruby](#install-ruby) (***Pre-requisite***)
2. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
---
## Install Ruby
This project requires Ruby to be installed on your system. Install Ruby via your terminal or command line. For Windows installation, you will need to download the **Ruby Installer**.

Don't worry, be super :superhero_man:

:superhero_man: Linux (Debian/Ubuntu) super command:

```sh
sudo apt-get install ruby-full
```
<br/>

:superhero_man: macOS super command:

```sh
brew install ruby
```
<br/>

:superhero_man: Windows super sidekick:

https://rubyinstaller.org/

---
## Getting Started

:superhero_man: 3 super commands to get this project:

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/gpoliko/jekyll-boilerplate
$ cd jekyll-boilerplate
$ bundle install
```
<br/>

:superhero_man: 1 super command to start:

```sh
$ bundle exec jekyll serve
```
<br/>

:superhero_man: 1 super link to save the day: [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000/)
<br/>
<br/>

---

Commit message:

add footer includes file with shielded site script

README.md, after:

# Jekyll Boilerplate
My Jekyll boilerplate for a simple blog site which I will use to document my personal learning journey, utilizing the minimal-mistakes-jekyll theme.

<br/>

**NOTE BEFORE PROCEEDING:**
> *I am still navigating **Jekyll**, the **Liquid** templating language and the **minimal-mistakes-jekyll** theme. It is highly likely that this boilerplate will be updated many times before I make a release.*

---
## Contents
1. [Install Ruby](#install-ruby) (***Pre-requisite***)
2. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
---
## Install Ruby
This project requires Ruby to be installed on your system. Install Ruby via your terminal or command line. For Windows installation, you will need to download the **Ruby Installer**.

Don't worry, be super :superhero_man:

:superhero_man: Linux (Debian/Ubuntu) super command:

```sh
sudo apt-get install ruby-full
```
<br/>

:superhero_man: macOS super command:

```sh
brew install ruby
```
<br/>

:superhero_man: Windows super sidekick:

https://rubyinstaller.org/

---
## Getting Started

Click [**Use this template**](https://github.com/gpoliko/jekyll-boilerplate/generate) button above for the quickest method of getting started with the [Minimal Mistakes Jekyll theme](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes).

Features included in this boilerplate:

- Sample Home page
- Sample about page.
- Sample Contact page.
- Sample 404 page.
- Sample posts.
- Sample navigation.
- Sample sidebar with social links.
- Sample footer with social links.
- [Shielded Site](https://shielded.co.nz/) included in footer.
- Site wide search.

Simply replace the sample content with your own and [configure as necessary](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/configuration/).

---

## Troubleshooting

If you have a question about using Jekyll, start a discussion on the [Jekyll Forum](https://talk.jekyllrb.com/) or [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/jekyll). Other resources:

- [Ruby 101](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/ruby-101/)
- [Setting up a Jekyll site with GitHub Pages](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/github-pages/)
- [Configuring GitHub Metadata](https://github.com/jekyll/github-metadata/blob/master/docs/configuration.md#configuration) to work properly when developing locally and avoid `No GitHub API authentication could be found. Some fields may be missing or have incorrect data.` warnings.


---
